<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <title>Borrower requests</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="_static/epub.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="_static/pygments.css" type="text/css" /> 
  </head><body>

    <div class="document">
      <div class="documentwrapper">
          <div class="body" role="main">
            
  <div class="section" id="borrower-requests">
<h1>Borrower requests</h1>
<p>These are the items you are trying to borrow from another library.</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>Awaiting Approval = Your library’s requests that need final approval.</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Some libraries are configured to allow patrons to place their own ILL requests. The approval process allows staff to verify that an ILL request meets their library’s ILL policies.</strong></p></li>
<li><p><strong>Options</strong></p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li><p>Approved - send</p></li>
<li><p>Cancel</p></li>
<li><p>Delete</p></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Not Received = An item you library has requested has been shipped but has been in transit for longer than the owning library’s “Days to supply.”</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Options</strong></p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li><p>Received</p></li>
<li><p>Lost</p></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Not-Received/Overdue = An item you library has requested had a status of “Not received” and the owning library has changed the status of the item to “Not-Received/Overdue”</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>This indicates that the owning library has probably sent an overdue notice to your library.</strong></p></li>
<li><p><strong>Options</strong></p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li><p>Received</p></li>
<li><p>Lost</p></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Accepted Renewal = The owning library has approved your request to renew an item.</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Options</strong></p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li><p>Returned</p></li>
<li><p>Renewal</p></li>
<li><p>Lost</p></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Recalled = The owning library needs an item you have requested returned before the originally agreed upon due date.</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Options</strong></p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li><p>Returned</p></li>
<li><p>Received</p></li>
<li><p>Lost</p></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Unfilled = Your library’s request to borrow an item has been sent to all libraries that own a copy of the item and none of them are willing or able to fill the request.</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>The request will automatically be moved to Expired when the “Need by” date has passed</strong></p></li>
<li><p><strong>Options</strong></p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li><p>Approved-Send</p></li>
<li><p>Delete</p></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Shipped = The item your library has requested is en route to your you.</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Options</strong></p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Complete = The item your library requested has been returned to the owning library and the ILL process is over.</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Options</strong></p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li><p>Received</p></li>
<li><p>Lost</p></li>
<li><p>Cancel Shipped Request</p></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Conditional = The owning library will send the item your library has requested but they have specific conditions regarding its use (e.g. the patron can’t take it out of the library, the patron cannot make photocopies, etc.)</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Options</strong></p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li><p>Accept Condition</p></li>
<li><p>Reject Condition</p></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Received = Your library has received the item your library requested.</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Options</strong></p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li><p>Returned</p></li>
<li><p>Renewal</p></li>
<li><p>Lost</p></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Rejected Renewal = Your library asked if an item could be renewed and the owning library said “No.”</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Options</strong></p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li><p>Returned</p></li>
<li><p>Renewal</p></li>
<li><p>Lost</p></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Overdue = The item your library requested has been at your library past its expected due date.</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Options</strong></p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li><p>Returned</p></li>
<li><p>Renewal</p></li>
<li><p>Lost</p></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Expired = The request your library placed for an item has not been filled by the “Need by” date specified in the original request.</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Options</strong></p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li><p>Approved-Send</p></li>
<li><p>Received</p></li>
<li><p>Lost</p></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Retry = The owning library is unable to loan its items at this time but may accept your library’s request at a later date.</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Options</strong></p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li><p>Approved-Send</p></li>
<li><p>Delete</p></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Cancelled = The request your library placed has been canceled.</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Options</strong></p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li><p>Approved-Send</p></li>
<li><p>Delete</p></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="section" id="lender-requests">
<h1>Lender requests</h1>
<p>These are the requests for things other libraries want you to loan to them.</p>
<div class="section" id="definitions">
<h2>Definitions</h2>
</div>
</div>


          </div>
      </div>
      <div class="clearer"></div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>